-- TOWN INFO --

Welcome to Town, a code name for a game im working on. This text document details how the game works.

To play the game, simply run the exe file to play the game.

-- STARTING UP --

In order to start, you must first name your town. Once you do so you will see a menu showing off stats about your town

There are 4 seasons in the game, each lasting 30 in game days. They matter since they increase/decrease/do nothing to food production depending on the season.

Population is simply how many people are in your town. each person eats 1 food. the population will increase at random if there is at least 10 food, enough housing, and there 
are enough jobs. However, the population will decrease when there are more pop than jobs, not enough food, or by random events.

Food is needed for population to grow. You can get food from farms. Food is also affected by the tax rate, with a higher rate equaling lower food production, and vice versa.

Gold is used to build buildings, and for trade. You can get gold by taxing people, and building money producing buildings.

Jobs are gained from buildings, as building can give a certain amount of jobs.

When you can input, you can go to the next day, build a new building, see what buildings you have, and manage your town when you have a town hall.

-- BUILDINGS --

As of the curent version, you can build 5 buildings: Farm, House, Shop, Gold Mine, and Town Hall.

#Farm#
Cost: 5G
Upkeep: 1G
Jobs: 3

The farm normally makes 4 base food during spring and fall. It makes 6 during summer, and 2 during winter.

#House#
Cost 10G

The house only increases housing by 5 for each house.

#Shop#
Cost: 15G
Gold Prod: 1G
Jobs: 4

Shops are useful for creating jobs, and making gold as a side effect.

#Gold Mine#
Cost: 20G
Gold Prod: 3G
Jobs: 2

Although they have less jobs, gold mines are primarily used for making gold.

#Town Hall#
Cost: 100G

The town hall unlocks town management options for your town

-- TOWN MANAGEMENT --

In the town management menu, you can currently set the tax rate, and trade food or gold.

The key to taxes is that higher taxes give more gold, but less food, and vice versa.

As for trade, you simply input what you want to get, and how much of it you want. The exchange rate is 2:1, meaning for every food you get, you need 2 gold. 
This doesn't work in reverse, i.e you can't get 2 gold from 1 food; you would need 4 food for the trade to work.

-- NOTES --

* Events start appearing after the first month. They can be good or bad.

* Currently, there is no save feature. I will add this in the future.

* There really isn't any goal in this game. Do whatever you want (heck, try getting to 100 pop or something)

* Feel free to modify this game as a forked version.

* Question? Ask me on git hub

-- CREDITS --

Jesse Purice: Sole Developer.

You name can be added here if I combine the fork version with the "main" version